If you want to take the look and feel of your Wordpress Web site to the next level then something you
should seriously consider are premium teams.
Now if we come then into our site we can see underneath our teams here the team that we're using right
now which is the 2017 team.
It is the free PMA comes when you download Wordpress and I think it looks pretty good and it's definitely
all you need to have a fully functioning Web site.
But if you do want to take it to the next level then definitely consider getting a premium team and
there are lots of places where you can get premium world press teams.
But really the shop that I would recommend is my shop dot com and you can see they've over almost 400000
happy customers.
I use them exclusively and because they have great teams but particularly because their support is incredible
and that's really important for non-technical people you can see some of the questions that I've asked
here.
Just things I didn't really know what to do or couldn't figure out and they really helped me and they
always come back within 24 hours and that is really necessary if you're not that technical.
It's really really helpful and it's definitely not something that every team shop offers.
So that's why I would recommend these guys.
Now in terms of the teams there are loads of options and they have over 100 different teams here and
they're all broken down by categories.
You can come in and have a look at these if you want.
For example they have really good e-commerce teams as well.
So you can see this one.
You can essentially get this size by just getting downloading this team and you can see that something
like this looks extremely professional.
It's a lot different to this.
And instead of you coding it or hiring a developer you can just buy this team and have all of that functionality
look and feel built in.
So instead of spending hundreds or thousands on a developer to get the site you want you can just buy
one of these teams for less than $50.
Now I do know there is a price tag on these and you might be thinking Is it worth it.
But I can guarantee you this is a tiny investment that you could make to really make yourself a professional.
And I think you would earn the money back pretty much straight away.
So a couple of things that I like I'd recommend for e-commerce.
If you're just looking for an upgrade on the blog.
One theme that I've used in the past is the schema theme.
It looks great and when you click into all of these themes as well you can get a full demo of them to
really get a sense of you know what they look like before you go ahead and purchase these click in here
and all of these come with a 30 day money back guarantee as well so you can always just try them out
for not happy return.
So scheme a team really fast really friendly as well as why these in the past.
And another one that I would recommend and that I'm actually going to use for this example is the corporate
team.
Here we go and I think this is a perfect team.
If you are setting up a company web site you can see it looks great.
I mean our team services our work or portfolio different experience that we have plans in pricing cetera.
So it looks extremely professional and it also has a blog and everything you can do your content marketing.
So even if you're building web sites for people I recommend you know buy the team and you can deliver
a very professional looking Web site in a very quick time frame.
So I'm going to go ahead and get this team.
And even if you want to get a different team the process is going to be the same for installing it.
So they should go ahead to check it and get this one.
So I'm going to proceed to payments.
I'm going to pay with debit card.
I'm going to pop in my details here and then click.
I'm ready.
Then load.
So now all we need to do is just go ahead and check our e-mail to get the download instructions.
So log in to your e-mail and come to your folder and get your download link.
Just click on the link and then click on download instructions.
We want to click on download files and then we're going to follow these steps here.
So we'll just download this zip file them what we want to do is go to appearance teams uploads.
So if we come back in to our dashboard and we come to appearance teams and then the new team and then
it becomes upload team choose file
and choose the team then we can click Install now.
And then what we can do is activate the theme.
Now once you can see that team is active for you you might want to do is just come up and visit the
site to see any of the changes and what we can see here is that not a lot is happening this is not really
what we want to get.
But don't worry all you need to do is just one further step come down and two team options and then
then the end you're going to see the import export option and this will be the same steps no matter
what.
My team shop team that you buy and you can see here that you have three options import the team options
import up team options and widgets import team options widget and content.
So you want to select this option here if you want your site to appear exactly like it appears in the
demo.
And if you want a reminder of what that looks like just click that open and you can see that if you
want your site to look exactly like this would all this demo content and all the pages and menus laid
at exactly the same.
Then you can just go ahead and select that option which I'm going to do to import the team options widget
and content and just click OK could take a couple of minutes for all of this to load up and once that's
done we can click OK.
And then we can come again now and visit our site to see the changes so that we can see that the team
and all of the sample content has been loaded up on our domain.
And I think it really looks fantastic.
Now obviously this is only going to be sample content in here.
So we're going to want to customize this and update it for ourselves.
But it's very simple it's just drag and drop it's click.
It's just copy and paste.
But I think it looks really really good.
And also say if we come across a blog we can change the post we can on publish posts etc. We can change
the widgets we can change the pages.
So to do that we can come back in to our site and there is an additional tab here now under our appearance
theme for our my team shop team called Team options.
And this just makes it really easy again to change your team that you've downloaded.
So if we come to general settings for example I'll come back to the home page.
We can change this logo and this fiber can these small images here just by uploading them very simple
to do.
And if we come then to our home page here we can see that we can change the home page layout.
So if we want to put team above features on our home page we can just drag and drop that and move that
around.
No coding required.
If we want to come to our intro and change the text and image in our home page and where that links
to we can change all of this information here in this section and we can change the button we can change
what it says and change where it links to etc..
So very easy to send it to say your services page rather than your portfolio.
We'll keep on moving then just have a look at a couple of other things and meet our team.
So right now you can see that they have kind of sample text here and you obviously want to update that
for your own team or your own team and you can just click in change the photos change things change
the descriptions etc..
So very simple is just drag drop.
It will take a little bit of time to update the site with your own content but it's very simple to do.
And let us come and have a look at pages as well if you want to say remove some of those pages that
come with the team and the sample content you can do that easily.
You can just select the page you can edit it you can move it trash.
You can do it in the same way.
If we come back guys we can actually select a bunch of pages that one selects a bold action like move
to trasher edited.
And what is often a good idea is you don't maybe want to move it trash.
So what you can always do is edit the page and we can actually do a quick and we can unpublished the
page move to draft and so that will be there if we want to reinstate it later but it won't appear on
our side so we can move any pages to draft that we don't want.
Similarly if we look at posts we if we come across to our blog we can see that there are quite a few
posts here but a lot of sample content.
So what I would recommend you maybe do is just you can move those to draft.
You can update that.
And for example they will be removed from the blog but you can use those templates for later and you
can do that for multiple ones as well.
Now in the sidebar for bloggers Well we can see we've got some widgets we might have sponsors we might
know this image et cetera.
So once again very simple just come into perience widgets and we can just change things around.
Now the cool thing about this theme is that it comes with different widgets as well so we can see that
we have a link to all our social profiles.
Now we don't have all these social profiles what we can do is just remove the sample links here soldiers
for example take at Facebook and we can see Facebook here.
And what we can do if I say that take out the link you can see that's removed.
Now you will want to put in the links to all of your own profiles here if you want to delete that completely.
You can just delete that.
That will disappear.
And if you want to reinstated what she can do is come down here we should see social profile icons
and we all just need to put in maybe a little harsh or our own links in here.
So let's say I Pinterest Instagram Linked-In Twitter it's probably all you have click save and they're
all going to come out there.
So you can see it's very easy to customize your team with your own content.
Once you have downloaded.
Now one final thing you might want to do is change your team at some stage or upload a different theme
or activity different theme search to that come back to appearance teams and you can see if you did
want to reinstate that team that you had previously you can firstly get a live preview of it.
And just to see what that looks like.
And really to see the difference between this free team and this paid team that we have spent a small
amount of money on I think this one looks way more professional.
Hopefully this has opened your eyes to the value of premium teams.
And so if you want to go get one for yourself I would recommend my team shop.
That process is the same.
Just downloaded it and then upload that file into the theme and activate the theme.